docs: clarify the meaning of content (#485)
sveltejs/learn.svelte.dev: content/tutorial/02-advanced-svelte/07-composition/02-named-slots/README.md

The previous example contained a _default slot_, which renders the direct children of a component. Sometimes you will need more control over placement. In those cases, we can use _named slots_.

> Inside the `<App>` component, we've got `<span slot="telephone">` and others for `company` and `address`. Let's add the corresponding named slots in `Card.svelte`:

Reviewer: Thanks, but this change isn't quite right. This wasn't talking about `Card.svelte`, but instead the place in `App.svelte` where we render the `<Card>` component. What about this instead?

```suggestion
Inside `App.svelte`, we're rendering a `<Card>` component that contains `<span slot="telephone">` and others for `company` and `address`. Let's add the corresponding named slots in `Card.svelte`:
```

Author: Ah, you're totally right. I misread it. 
Your suggestion definitely makes it clear that it says the `<span slot="telephone">` is rendered as a child of `<Card>` component!
Thanks for your correction.
